What are you thinking?
Uh nothing I suddenly thought of an old friend
Mr. George's origins are all over the world
Restoring the head is even more clear-cut in the world
If we can take it today
Restore the overseas channels of the head
Your family will be impressed by you
They will never say no to dinner again
By the way, Mr. George
But very obsessed with the world
You can't toast, don't talk nonsense
OK
Hello, I'm Ye Wanting from the Night Market Group.
We are here to discuss cooperation with Mr. George
Ok, this way please.
There is no way.
I can only go in first.
Why don't you wait here?
Go ahead.
Boss, this is Miss Ye.
Nice to meet you Mr. George
Hello miss
Mr. George
What about this contract?
It has been as we communicated before.
It has been written.
Our Ye family is very concerned about this cooperation.
Miss Ye
It seems you don't want to cooperate with our skeptical group
What!